
Our DEVOPS team focus on two approaches for automating/continuous integration.
1)SBE(Specification by example)-Business partners and My team are capturing the actual behaviors of an application which is independent of implementation, also part of the agile scrum methodology. I write SBEs in plain English based on Gherkin syntax, then executed by Cucumber where the result will be shown in Spectacle tool for the business users.
2)Unit testing using MSTest/Nunit - I write test cases based on the function/method available in the classes which then will be automated by Jenkins. An email notification sent to respective folks if the tests are failed. These unit tests are configured to pick latest source code from SVN. We use predominantly JIRA for tracking/backlogs/EPIC/tasks and SubTasks.
Apart from that, I have pretty good experience in MSBuild/TFs for release automation in Visual studio environment. Also, write Power Shell scripts to connect other servers and deploy installation packages.
My contribution towards open source project using Python/Django and Amazon web services (www.parentorbit.com) created as micro services. Currently, I am researching on Docker for release automation in the cloud environment.
Keywords: SBE, Micros Services, Dockers, JIRA,Nunit,Gherkin,Cucumber, Agile,SCRUM, Powershell,Python and Amazon S3, AWS

I am a senior .NET developer and architect. My work revolves around Microsoft stack including WPF, ASP.NET MVC, C#,VB.NET,  and SQL Server. 

I have coded UI for WPF front end, middle tier programming using ASP.NET WebAPI, SQL stored procedure, triggers and reports in Bank of Montreal.

 In addition to that, I am a Microsoft certified professional in Application Development Foundation. 

The enclosed resume summarizes my background and experience in the above areas. Should your company's need and my experience proves to be a good match, I would welcome an opportunity for further collaboration.

I have been working in this Bank of America Merrilly lynch project, almost a year from now. Currently, I am participitating in three tasks, one writting WCF service for IVR applications,2. Changing and adding functionality to the merrill middle tier framework which is responsible for the trading.
3.Developing tool for parallel trade testing using WPF And entity framework. 

We are using C# as the main language of choice. MSbuild for the installation packages, MS Test for unit testing. 

I am a quick learner, and I love to learn new things. I get into specifics within the subjects I work with - it is important for me to be very good at whatever I am doing. Usually, I try to be the bestI dealt with the data enormously and I had pretty good interactions with clients and made significant improvements/suggestions of file transfers among the clients. I have even streamlined lot of process and made contract with client based on document Interface agreement (DIA) for transferring files in and out of company. Now, it is part of the whole company's process. Several times, I am the face of Knipper team for the client side.  After I undertook this current project, I managed to reduce huge amount work hours of client service team who constantly snagged with technical difficulties. I made several initiatives in reducing the productivity of the entire project, especially sample accountability user's team. Out of my own interest, I have played with "Log Parser" tool which enables to manipulate
. I work great both individually and in teams.

I dealt wit the data of large text files at ease. 
From the technical perspective, I have played major role setting up the application infrastructure components. I have made several changes in boosting the performance of the BizTalk server and around the .NET applications which are three tiers in nature. I have very good knowledge of configuration and administration of Biztalk server. Also, I have pretty good knowledge on Orchestration, Adapters and Biztalk related technologies. I will bring lot of valuables since I have pretty good experience Microsoft technology stack which enables me to pick right technology for right task based on the productivity needs. Periodic trainings keep me in up to date with HIPPA and regulatory standards.
Paul - attached please find the resume of Chandra Babu for the consulting position of BizTalk developer. Chandra has over 12 years of Information Technology programming and software developer experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) coding using BizTalk, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, VB SQL Server, XML, C# and Crystal Report in production. He is a Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist with subject matter expertise in architecture and developing BizTalk orchestrations and dynamic imports. Chandra has extensive knowledge of BizTalk adaptors and has BizTalk administration role expertise in all BizTalk components. His SDLC methodology skills are very good and he has an excellent consultative background working predominantly with NY Metro clients. Chandra has used HAT to track and monitor BizTalk implementation functionality design in steady state environment to ensure that no constraints or bottlenecks are present. Chandra is known to be a hard worker who gets the job done by working very well work with others under pressure situations and tight production time frames. 


h the data enormously and I had pretty good interactions with clients and made significant improvements/suggestions of file transfers among the clie nts. I have even streamlined lot of process and made contract with client based on document Interface agreement (DIA) for transferring files in and out of company. Now, it is part of the whole company's process. Several times, I am the face of Knipper team for the client side.  After I undertook this current project, I managed to reduce huge amount work hours of client service team who constantly snagged with technical difficulties. I made several initiatives in reducing the productivity of the entire project, especially sample accountability user's team. Out of my own interest, I have played with "Log Parser" tool which enables to manipulate the data of large text files at ease. 

From the technical perspective, I have played major role setting up the application infrastructure components. I have made several changes in boosting the performance of the BizTalk server and around the .NET applications which are three tiers in nature. I have very good knowledge of configuration and administration of Biztalk server. Also, I have pretty good knowledge on Orchestration, Adapters and Biztalk related technologies. I will bring lot of valuables since I have pretty good experience Microsoft technology stack which enables me to pick right technology for right task based on the productivity needs. Periodic trainings keep me in up to date with HIPPA and regulatory standards.

Paul - attached please find the resume of Chandra Babu for the consulting position of BizTalk developer. Chandra has over 12 years of Information Technology programming and software developer experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) coding using BizTalk, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, VB SQL Server, XML, C# and Crystal Report in production. He is a Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist with subject matter expertise in architecture and developing BizTalk orchestrations and dynamic imports. Chandra has extensive knowledge of BizTalk adaptors and has BizTalk administration role expertise in all BizTalk components. His SDLC methodology skills are very good and he has an excellent consultative background working predominantly with NY Metro clients. Chandra has used HAT to track and monitor BizTalk implementation functionality design in steady state environment to ensure that no constraints or bottlenecks are present. Chandra is known to be a hard worker who gets the job done by working very well work with others under pressure situations and tight production time frames. 
